RHIDP-2264 : add extra app-config configuration for AKS Operator installation procedure (#217)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: admin/proc-rhdh-deploy-aks-using-operator.adoc

----
--

> . Create a ConfigMap named `app-config-rhdh` containing the Developer Hub configuration using the following template:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a ConfigMap named `app-config-rhdh` containing the {product-short} configuration using the following template:
```

+
--
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: app-config-rhdh
data:
  "app-config-rhdh.yaml": |
    app:
      title: Red Hat Developer Hub
      baseUrl: https://<app_address>
    backend:
      auth:
        keys:
          - secret: "${BACKEND_SECRET}"

>       baseUrl: https://<app_address>

Reviewer 2: It would be good to have a unified naming convention for _<app_address>_ vs. _<rhdh_dns_name>_. In EKS configuration, the same entities are listed like below. 

```
data:
  "app-config-rhdh.yaml": |
    app:
      title: Red Hat Developer Hub
      baseUrl: https://<rhdh_dns_name>
    backend:
      auth:
        keys:
          - secret: "${BACKEND_SECRET}"
      baseUrl: https://<rhdh_dns_name>
      cors:
        origin: https://<rhdh_dns_name>
```

Author: Agree, and I'd propose to use "*_address" (not "dns") because It can be either DNS or IP

      cors:
        origin: https://<app_address>
----
--

> . Create a Secret named `secrets-rhdh` and add a key named BACKEND_SECRET with a Base64-encoded string as value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a Secret named `secrets-rhdh` and add a key named `BACKEND_SECRET` with a `Base64-encoded` string as value:
```
